I bought a small one of these with blank, unlined pages as a pocket sketchbook. The pocket sketchbooks commonly sold in art supply stores are one of two varieties, either wire-bound or stitched. The thing is, wire-bound notebooks are uncomfortable to have in a back pocket (and I just don't like the feel, bumping up against the ridges of the wires on that edge), and most stitched bindings don't fold as well as the Moleskine does (folding nice and wide so there's plenty of blank page to use).And to be honest, I may've fallen just a little for that pompous tripe about being the sketchbook of great artists.The thing is, the paper is terrible. All the 'bloggers and geeks I've heard raving about these notebooks use them for their laundry lists or their ideas to write about or God knows what. And while I'm not the best artist around, I did minor in fine arts in school, so I'm not completely clueless. So take my word (or don't; it's your loss); the paper is just plain bad.Most drawing paper has some degree of "tooth"--the roughness of the paper, which rubs off your graphite or charcoal smoothly onto the page. The tooth on these sketchbooks is nonexistent. Rather than describe in more detail the paper, however, I believe I can give an apt description in two words.Manila folder. That's what the paper in these books is like, so as to be nearly indistinguishable (slightly smoother, in fact, than manila folders--even less tooth). While paper quality is something of a personal preference, I've never seen anyone use any paper remotely similar to this for drawing, so I have to question the claim that these pads are identical to those used by Picasso et al.On a positive note, the binding is great, the covers are great, and the elastic strap, bookmark ribbon, and back pocket are all great features. But when it comes down to it, I care most about the paper quality. If you want to just write, get one of these. If you intend to do any serious drawing, don't bother.</review_text>
I bought a small one of these with blank, unlined pages as a pocket sketchbook. The pocket sketchbooks commonly sold in art supply stores are one of two varieties, either wire-bound or stitched. The thing is, wire-bound notebooks are uncomfortable to have in a back pocket (and I just don't like the feel, bumping up against the ridges of the wires on that edge), and most stitched bindings don't fold as well as the Moleskine does (folding nice and wide so there's plenty of blank page to use).And to be honest, I may've fallen just a little for that pompous tripe about being the sketchbook of great artists.The thing is, the paper is terrible. All the 'bloggers and geeks I've heard raving about these notebooks use them for their laundry lists or their ideas to write about or God knows what. And while I'm not the best artist around, I did minor in fine arts in school, so I'm not completely clueless. So take my word (or don't; it's your loss); the paper is just plain bad.Most drawing paper has some degree of "tooth"--the roughness of the paper, which rubs off your graphite or charcoal smoothly onto the page. The tooth on these sketchbooks is nonexistent. Rather than describe in more detail the paper, however, I believe I can give an apt description in two words.Manila folder. That's what the paper in these books is like, so as to be nearly indistinguishable (slightly smoother, in fact, than manila folders--even less tooth). While paper quality is something of a personal preference, I've never seen anyone use any paper remotely similar to this for drawing, so I have to question the claim that these pads are identical to those used by Picasso et al.On a positive note, the binding is great, the covers are great, and the elastic strap, bookmark ribbon, and back pocket are all great features. But when it comes down to it, I care most about the paper quality. If you want to just write, get one of these. If you intend to do any serious drawing, don't bother.</review_text>
This is a review of the Avery 3279 Ink Jet Dark T-Shirt Transfers. But I wouldn't be surprised to discover that the rest of the stuff they make is ALSO junk.This stuff is EXPENSIVE....over $15 for five sheets from Office Depot.I had put in a brand new ink cartridge just a couple of days prior (HP PSC 1410 Inkjet)  and it was working fine on normal paper. Read all the directions carefully and more than once. First time, the paper CUT OFF the top portion of the image.....sure, blame it on the printer; but if so, why didn't normal paper do this? Second time, it printed really wimpy and hazy grey....yet I had set the printer to use MAXIMUM dpi! I thought, "OK, maybe it will darken from the heat of the iron. Set the kitchen timer, ironed it exactly as instructed....and it is STILL a sickening hazy grey instead of the crisp black I wanted! AND some of the darkness of the fabric below is showing through the white portions.Oh yes...it is INCREDIBLY difficult to peel off the backing...you do end up having to tear a portion of the design you create, pretty much ruining it.So....wasted time shopping for this. Overpaid for the product. Wasted HOURS prepping the image. And now I have a ruined tote bag that can't be replaced. Avery scum, I HATE YOU</review_text>
This is a great address book, but you should know that the price coming out of the factory is $9.95, not the higher prices cited in this listing</review_text>
Though lacking good directions, this was straightforward to assemble.  However, it is flimsy and tilts whenever I lean on it ever so slightly.  I am getting rid of it.</review_text>
This stand is nicely designed in terms of function, and it also looks very appealing. The problem is that there are no assembly instructions, just a few pictures, and the design is faulty for assembly. For instance, the hardware can attach the wrong way to the bottom of the smaller shelf when it would have been easy to design it so that the hardware can only go on one way; it took 90 minutes to assemble by 2 skilled men because the pole for each shelf didn't fit well into the mainframe poles (we had to use soap and three people holding and pushing), and the stand had some gashes in it though it was advertised as new. Changing the height of this stand takes 2 people because at first it won't move, and then it falls and hits your knee. Now that it's together, we're using it, but what a price</review_text>
Poor communication.  I was notified that the printer was not coming when they said it would, but was never given another date.  After waiting some time I cancelled the order and said I ordered another one from someone else.  I guess they don't read their email either.  The next day they shipped the item.  Now I have two, but am not going to spend another $20 to ship it back to them.  Believe me I would never buy from this company again</review_text>
These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city-- basically just a place for notes in the lovely (I think) Moleskine format.  The maps, though, can be found better and cheaper on other places.  MORE IMPORTANT,  this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading.  The list price for these books is 17.95.  Check in any book store.  Shame on the seller</review_text>
i AM STILL WAITING FOR DELIVERY. pLEASE CONTACT YOUR VENDOR OR CANCEL ORDER. DO NOT CHARGE MY ACCOUNT.</review_text>
I bought this machine at Michael's (craft store) for use with Polymer Clay.  The machine was very poorly made and broke on the second day of use!  The "clamp" that helps hold it to the table did not fit properly so I had to borrow some of my husband's clamps so it wouldn't move around....but then, while using it, the dials (that gauge the thickness of the clay) completely broke.I returned it and am going to get a nicer Atlas machine.  Don't waste your time with this one....you'll only be disappointed and frustrated with it</review_text>
Okay, here is the deal.  This thing is built well, but it's dimensions and performance work against it.  It's height and width are just right for a pocket book, but it's thickness gets it in trouble.  It's a clunker, if you put this thing in your pocket (if it will fit) you will feel it.  Hell, it might even pull your pants down.  The thickness also makes it awkward to write in since it never folds flat and there is always resistance when jotting down an idea, which makes writing a chore (which is counter productive to the pocketbook ideal, which is maximum convenience).  If you are looking for a real nice small notebook, opt for a Moleskine.  Pass on this clunker</review_text>
I don't know why they changed from the old layout to the new skinny vertical columns. The old planner was a lifesaver, but this new layout is unusable. They claim to be the artist's notebook, but what artist is really going to be breaking their day down hour by hour? And even if someone wanted to do that, the tiny columns are worthless. Really a shame</review_text>
Every time I write on it holes go right through it! Dont by this! If you fold it, it rips in the fold!! Dont Buy this!!! You will be sorry</review_text>
I used these for my toy car and it leaked in my toy car.Thank god the people who sold me the car gave me a replacement.Never ever use Energizer batteries.Use Duracell M3 instea</review_text>
top had to be on basket properly and paper would be on the floor had to keep vacume handy shredder ran only part of the time and kept jamming and finnaly stopped working had to return</review_text>
Maybe I just got a bad one....but this darn thing broke with the FIRST piece of paper I put in it.  I hope you get a better one than I did.</review_text>
BEWARE!!! DESPITE THE PICTURE AND THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION, THIS IS NOT A FOUNTAIN PEN.  IT IS INDEED A BALLPOINT PEN AS THE PRODUCT TITLE INDICATES</review_text>
The brushes and everything else are super tiny, only a child's hand can hold those. Not a good set at all. Rather just go to micheal's art store and get the sumi set there. Just stay away from this set, unless you you buy this as a gift for your 3 years old child</review_text>
I was very excited about this product, given the good reviews. However, I found that refilling the pencil took so much force that I was afraid I'd break it. Even worse, the eraser is useless, due both to the design and the material. If I could find a replacement eraser that was taller & better, this would be a much better product. If I have to carry this plus a separate eraser, it's not really saving me much.Oh, and the highlighter isn't a marker. Maybe I'm stupid, but I assumed it would be. It's just an orange ink pen, which is not the same as any other highlighter I'd choose to use</review_text>
The penny, nickel and dime molds are defective: the paper sleeves I got from my bank barely fit inside and therefore wrinkle or fold-over, leaving no room for the coins to be dropped in and layered one atop the other. The penny one was so tight that the paper sleeves wouldn't fit in at all. The nickel and dime ones were so tight that after I filled the sleeves--a lot of unfolding, smoothing, trying again--they couldn't easily be slipped out. If you can see coins bouncing on my kitchen table and rolling hither and yon, with me down on my hands and knees swallowing expletives, you've got the picture. The only mold that wasn't defective was the quarter size, and as this is the one that takes fewer coins than all the rest to fill up, it is the least valuable in terms of time-saving. I waited at least a month after buying these before I sat down to roll all my coins so I didn't feel good about asking for my money back, which is why I cannot share anything about this company's return policy that might help you decide whether or not to give them a try as it's possible I was simply unlucky and got sent a set of molds from a bad batch</review_text>
Throughout the years I have used and owned many different versions of the Brita Pitcher Water Dispenser. All of these filtered water containers have been great. The only complaint I have ever had with these filters is size. The Brita Ultramax Water Filter Dispenser was supposed to answer this problem. Unfortunately due to bad design, it introduced a multitude of problems that never existed with past Brita products.Pro:Size: This water dispenser can definitely hold a lot of water. (Ironically, this is really a disadvantage; as you will find below.)Con(s):Mold: If you do not let this filter dry within a maximum of two days, you will get mold. This mold will probably make you ill (sore throat) (Conversely if you look at it from another point of view - it will strengthen your immune system). To avoid this problem, the water dispenser should be washed every week at very least (to safe you should wash it more often). I have never had this problem with Brita's other products (I have friends who never washed their Brita pitchers for months, and there is not even the slightest sign of mold when they do wash it).Left Over Water: Due to the faulty design of the product, there will be left over water both above the filter and below it. Besides turning the product upside down, you cannot dispense all of the water. This is just stupid and hints at the lack of quality assurance testing of this product. Not surprisingly, this helps further contribute to mold growth.Conclusion:Save your money and buy Brita's other well designed pitchers or even Pure's pitchers. (The key word is pitcher.) You will only waste time and possibly your health with this poorly designed product</review_text>
These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city-- basically just a place for notes in the lovely (I think) Moleskine format.  The maps, though, can be found better and cheaper on other places.  MORE IMPORTANT,  this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading.  The list price for these books is 17.95.  Check in any book store.  Shame on the seller</review_text>
Almost immediately after I received this never-used pen, I noticed that the ink does not dispense evenly.  Often, it does not write on any surface.  After I scratch the pen tip wildly for ~5 seconds, it starts to write again.  I've thrown it away because it is too inconvenient for use.  However, it is very cheap, so maybe it's okay for someone who doesn't need to use a tiny pen too often</review_text>
I never received the product I ordered and need a refund immediately</review_text>
Planner is nice, but I was charged $6.25 for shipping!  Rip Off!!</review_text>
When I first purchased the Papermate PhD Multi, I thought, "Wow!" What an awesome instrument. Felt great in the hand and I Iove the flow of the ink. Very smooth. Nice pencil and stylus as bonus!" However, because I liked the pen so much and used it every chance I got, within 3 weeks, the ink cartridge was empty. That's when my love of the pen began to falter.I opened the pen, according to the package instructions, and removed the ink cartridge. However, it never worked the same again. The twist and click feature failed to hold the pen in the advanced position, so whenever I would bear down to write, it would retract and push up into the pen again.So, I bought another, thinking I must have done something wrong. Carefully, after the ink ran out in 2 weeks this time (guess I did more writing), I changed the cartridge again. Same thing. At a high price tag ($8-9) for a plastic pen, I bought a third and gave it one more try. Same luck.So, while I loved the feel and flow of the pen, it is certainly not worth the price tag for a pen whose mechanisms,  housing and construction will only last a month.Won't buy another one. Three times and you're out.</review_text>
1.  It's a nice book and well priced. The mole is a pesky creature and deserves to be made into a book cover more than a cow does.2.  It's flaws:Difficult to read because print color is so light.It fell apart at the end-page -spine junction.  I sit on it (back pocket).  Packing tape repair seems to have solved the problem.It does not mark holidays on the page.  There is an unreadable, cryptic code on some pages which may be an attempt to do this.  In any event, I nearly forgot Elvis' birthday</review_text>
I have owned this chair for about 9 months. The seat bottom has flattened out and has torn a bit -- I can see the polyfill inside. It is not particularly comfortable anymore. The chair also creaks a lot (as is typical with most inexpensive chairs).  It's a lot of money for a chair that has the build quality of one of the cheapie leather chairs that can be had for under $50</review_text>
I got this chair because I spend a lot of time on front of my home computer and I wanted a roomy chair that would allow me to move around some. I am tall, six feet, but not big, 127 pounds, and I have had this chair for less than six months and the leather is falling apart and the stuffing is coming out of the seat. I don't mind spending money to get a good chair but I cannot afford to be buying two chairs a year at this price.</review_text>
After much window shopping (research) I bought this chair two weeks ago and yesterday the thing fell apart while I was leaning back and watching a movie on my comp.Here is the problem, the back support is connected to the seat only by the two handle bars which are made of plastic. While I was leaning back, one of the handles literally cracked open at the junctions where the bottom (right side) two screws are. I fell back wards head first but luckily, my floor is carpetted and I did not hurt myself that much.The manufacturer rates this chair as big and tall (upto 250 pounds) and for 5 hours of daily usage. I weigh around 210 and I had been sitting on it for less than an hour when the incident happened.I am surely hoping to get my money back but the rest of you big and tall people beware</review_text>
This is a nice chair but has a very low weight limit to be classified a big and tall chair. Very misleading. I personally do not consider 250 lbs as big as that is my ideal weight. So buyer beware</review_text>
These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city-- basically just a place for notes in the lovely (I think) Moleskine format.  The maps, though, can be found better and cheaper on other places.  MORE IMPORTANT,  this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading.  The list price for these books is 17.95.  Check in any book store.  Shame on the seller</review_text>
These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city-- basically just a place for notes in the lovely (I think) Moleskine format.  The maps, though, can be found better and cheaper on other places.  MORE IMPORTANT,  this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading.  The list price for these books is 17.95.  Check in any book store.  Shame on the seller</review_text>
I would have to agree with the problem of the dividers to separate the dates, it just doesn't work. I didn't send it back because it really goes with my desk and I do like the two small drawers. Maybe I can fit some nice flowers or a decorative tissue box or something in the top bin and place mail somewhere else. I wouldn't have put my name on this thing. Does anyone out there need extra plastic dividers for this thing? You can have mine.</review_text>
this has got to be to most poorly manufactured item i have bought in a long time. Six of the plastic deviders were either cut too short so they wont fit into both groves spanning the opening, or were bowed in an arc shape. So my 31 day monthly organizer is now a 16 or 17 day organizer. You would think that someone would check the quality of something they are going to attach their name too and sell</review_text>
To attach this to your fridge, you have to attach the magnets to the back of the board. Unfortunately, the magnets stick very poorly, and after 10 or 20 minutes, the board falls down, leaving the magnets behind. I tried pressing them down overnight, but that didn't help. Now have to go find some epoxy to stick them on.Update: after gluing them to the back, it has worked well. The eraser on the pen is a bit flimsy and I don't expect it to last, but there's always paper towels</review_text>
When one looks at the picture it shows a carton of paper. However, only one ream is sent. I was unaware of this. I got my one ream for 15 dollars after shipping and it was ripped to hell. Customer service wont answer and I guess I am just SOL with it</review_text>
You will still need either a good book or a friend to help you figure out how to hold the pen and make the letters.  This is just a kit w/ paper and pens and the pens weren't even that great.  No matter how you write they don't make lines that transition between fat and thin.  Might as well use a regular pen...I am kinda dissapointed and will keep looking for better pens.I give it 2 stars for dollar value.</review_text>
Becareful it is a ballpoint pen but the picture was misleading. so have to return it</review_text>
Other than the fact that it turns on, this is a very cheaply made, cheap looking, cheap feeling product. The bottom battery cover doesn't even connect properly and feels as if it will pop off at any moment. Did I mention CHEAP?!?</review_text>
Bought three different kits, small to amuse the grandkids when they visit, medium to keep handy for next needed gift occasion. and El Grande for a X-Mas gift for the kids.  The pens looked great on TV but didn't work at all when we tried to use them.  Dried out too quickly, never mixed the colors so was a very huge dollar amount for low quality markers.  Also, didn't notice small print that the El Grande kit MIGHT come in a brown cardboard box--IT DID, I bet all El Grande kits came that way.  Looked terrible!</review_text>
I must admit I had no idea what they were, but my daughter wanted them.I was disappointed that all you do is basically rub the pins together to get another color. This color did not last long so you had to keep doing that little process to get the colors to blend.  My daughter who is 7 lost interest quickly.  She uses them like regular markers.  I could have paid 5 dollars for a new pack of markers. As for the material to use them on, she used them all in a couple of hours.</review_text>
I purchased this mount to hang a 15" LCD TV, weighing less than 9 pounds (the specifications rate it up to 33 lbs).  I carefully measured and used a level to mount the swing arm on the wall, but when I hung the TV, the position of the arms and the small amount of "give" between the arm segments caused the TV to hang at a slight, but noticable, angle.  You can tighten the arm segment joints, which helps the problem somewhat, but you won't be able to swing the arm around once tightened.  The swivel adjustments only allow you to change the side-to-side angle and the vertical tilt, there is no way to fix the rotation of the set.</review_text>
it was much smaller than i thought.  It had a long arm that attached to cut larger papers.  But it sagged so you only kept half of the paper up.  Then when cutting it worked great until the very end.  The very end it would not cut.  Very disapointe</review_text>
This ink has the ancient "iron gall" formula with its nifty aroma. Iron gall ink is waterproof but not safe enough for writing checks. Iron gall ink looks good from a "wet-writing" pen, but the lower-priced Lamy "Safari" and "Al-Star" pens are not "wet" enough. Also, you should never let iron gall ink dry out in a pen (permanent clogging!), and you should flush an iron-gall-using pen in both directions with plain water (pulling water in and forcing water out) every month or so</review_text>
Don't get me wrong -- this is a great product; however, $27.97 for shipping from Amazom or $7.95 shipping from Office Depot. Whatsup with that?  Is Amazon tacking on a $20 handling fee?  I ordered directly from Office Depot and now it makes me wonder how many of my other purchases from Amazon were the same</review_text>
Does it make any sense to purchase paper for 30.99 and then pay 27.99 for shipping to recieve it.  Someone over there should really look at how realistic that is</review_text>
Product description describes a tub of 108. The actual item is only 36 pieces. Not very happy about only getting 36 when the description stated otherwise. Additionally, the packing was covered in a layer of dirt so thick I couls not read the label</review_text>
This heater died after a month of usage.  I would rather go to Walmart and buy a cheap one (which I did) and it has lasted me for 2 months so far (with heavy usage).  If that one breaks I can atleast drive down and return it Vs the hassle of Shipping it.</review_text>
Not happy with the size of the produc</review_text>
The wand didn't come with a power cord.  you have to purchase that separately.  The plastic was cheap and it was falling apart.  IT WENT IN THE TRASH</review_text>
There's a reason the price on this is low ... because it's a worthless piece of merchandise.  I gave mine to good will two days after it came.</review_text>
I bought two sharpeners. I sharpened about ten pencils with the first one (excellent sharpening while it lasted), and something "let go" inside. The motor ran but the rotating blade had no more power - as soon as I pressed the pencil into the blade it would stop turning while the motor continued running freely.I unwrapped the second sharpener to see if it would hold up better. Again, after about 10 pencils, exactly the same thing happened.When I disassembled one of them to analyze the failure, I discovered that a crucial area of the plastic gear that drives the blade mechanism was stripped away so that the gear was spinning practically freely. It was unable to drive the blade mechanism with any significant strength.Conclusion: This product is potentially an excellent pencil sharpener but it has a major design weakness in its drive train. I only put one star on this review because zero stars is not available</review_text>
The idea behind the pasta machine for clay is brilliant and makes flattening the clay and gradiating the clay much easier, however,I bought 2 of these from my local craft store. The first started giving me trouble after about a week. The gears started to grind and black soot-like ash came out ( metal shavings?)I proceeded to take the face plates off and clean it figuring clay was stuck inside, meanwhile my youngest liked it and wanted one of her own, so while working on trying to clean and repair the first one I bought another. That one lasted 2 days.I brought them both back to the store.I am going to try the amaco brand and see if it is better</review_text>
The nib on this pen is far too broad.  Most fountain pen manufacturers would probably rate it "medium".It does write a nice, smooth line, and it is conveniently disposable, but it also looks very disposable.  Its appearance is less elegant even than most rollerball pens.If you are considering buying this pen because you like the elegance of fountain pens, or for its "fine" point, then this is not the pen for you.  These were both major considerations for me, and I was quite disappointed</review_text>
I'm very disappointed with this shredder. I got it back in October 2006, and I have only used it about 3 or 4 times.  First of all, although the product is supposed to shred up to 5 sheets at a time - IT DOES NOT. It will get jammed, so I only shred 1 or 2 sheets at a time. Tonight I used it again, and it became completely jammed from a few sheets. I cannot get it to work again.  It is very loud and a bit slow, but I can live with that, I just don't like the fact that it jams after only using it a few times. I recommend others spend a few extra dollars and get a reliable shredder, unlike the Royal "5-sheet" Crosscut Shredder HT500x</review_text>
This product worked OK for 3 months then the shredder began to fall apart. There are little finger like pieces (that are breaking off) underneath the shredding area which began to collect paper and cause the paper to backup and jammed in the shredding mechanism. The more fingers that fall off, the faster paper backs up and gets jammed. So after every 10-15 pages I have to get out a pair of needlenose pliers and pull the impacted paper out of these tiny slots. It takes about 10 minutes of extreme frustration to unclog this clunker. That's about a minute a page. This is obviously completely unacceptable because if I had enough time to spend 1 minute to shred each piece of paper I would be paper mache artist.Now, I just use it to store paper until I buy a new shredder. This product was a complete disappointment for me</review_text>
I've gone through three shredders but this one is the worst.  It's loud and jams easily.  The others were loud and jammed too but this particular one lasted me only three months.  When it jammed, power automatically shutdown.  I kept it in reverse and waited for power to come back about one to two hours later.  I'm kinda ruthless with the shredders, sticking papers with staplers, tape or dried glue, and I'm pretty impressed that the other shredders lasted so long.  Not this one, it came from planet pms and work only when it was in the mood.  I kept the baskets and placed one in each room.  Looking for the one I bought before this one.  At least it lasted almost four years.  Wish me luck</review_text>
Bought at a local builders warehouse super sale for $13 and the 1st time I used it, I was amazed at the speed with one page so then I tried with five pages; it jammed and I had to reverse a few times. I finally got through that first batch but then it would not turn on automatically again. Turns out the small, limit switch that activates the shredder in the paper slot had gotten jammed backwards with the reversing. I was able to get it back in place and made it through two baskets of nicely shredded documents 2-3 pages at a time. A few weeks later, it jammed again and it took awhile but I was finally able to reverse and forward to clear the jam. However, the small, cheaply made limit switch was no longer part of the unit (it apparently got shredded!) and now I have a nice, $13 steel wastebasket, so I cannot complain. Bottom line: great for 1-2 pages at a time but forget junk mail with more than one page folded and still in the envelope, unless you open, unfold, and feed 2-3 pages at a time</review_text>
We had the Royal for about 8 months, used it sparingly and made sure not to overload it the it stopped working.  We read reviews prior to purchase and it was recommended then to find other reviews now that support our experience.  Stay away from this shredder.</review_text>
I purchased this model at a local store after reading mixed reviews. It was in my price range and had at least some good reviews so I thought I'd take a chance. WOW, bad idea! After about 25 sheets of paper fed 1 page at a time the feed mechanism stopped functioning. I was careful not to overload the unit or run it too long, but the thing didn't last 5 minutes!!!  Stay away</review_text>
I would not recommend this product.  When I plugged it in, it would not stop chirping.  The directions said it might chirp "a few times" while powering up, but the thing chirped all day.  Also, the 9 volt battery that came with the product did not fit into the battery compartment.  The company that I bought it from told me to just throw it away, although I did receive a full refund.</review_text>
I bought these and was disappointed.  The wire is very thin and flexible.  I would not hang any thing of value with these plate hangers.  There is not a plastic buffer on the holder either, so you would have metal rubbing against china or ceramic which can cause cracking or chipping.  Also, you are just purchasing the plate holder, not the special hook used to mount your plate. These are not worth the price they are listed for</review_text>
This chair is very comfortable, but I don't think the leather is real. The seat ripped before one month was up from purchase. It was easy to assemble, but not worth the money.</review_text>
